Adding KubeMQ Pubsub and Binding documentation (#3149)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-kubemq.md

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: kubemq-pubsub
spec:
  type: pubsub.kubemq
  version: v1
  metadata:
    - name: address
      value: localhost:50000
    - name: store
      value: false
```

## Spec metadata fields

| Field             | Required | Details                                                                                | Example                                |
|-------------------|:--------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| address           |    Y     | Address of the KubeMQ server                                                           | `"localhost:50000"`                    |
| store             |    N     | type of pubsub, true: pubsub persisted (EventsStore), false: pubsub in-memory (Events) | `true` or `false` (default is `false`) |
| clientID          |    N     | Name for client id connection                                                          | `sub-client-12345`                     |

> | authToken         |    N     | Auth JWT token for connection                                                          | `ew...`                                |

Reviewer: You may want to explain the use of this Auth token some more. When is this used or can you point to documentation? The examples seems sparse. What is the format of the AuthToken and where do I get one from?

Author: Add KubeMQ doc reference

> | group             |    N     | Subscriber group for load balancing                                                    | `g1`                                   |

Reviewer: Can this be any text name, or does this need to match a subscriber group created in the broker?

Author: Any name.
KubeMQ is zero configuration Kubernetes broker

> | disableReDelivery |    N     | Sets if message will be re-deliver in case of error coming from DAPR component         | `true` or `false` (default is `false`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disableReDelivery |    N     | Set if message should be re-delivered in case of an error coming from Dapr component         | `true` or `false` (default is `false`) |
```
Is this sentence correct "in case of an error coming from Dapr component" or coming from the application?

Author: changed

## Create a KubeMQ broker

{{< tabs "Self-Hosted" "Kubernetes">}}

{{% codetab %}}
1. Obtain KubeMQ Key by visiting [https://account.kubemq.io/login/register](https://account.kubemq.io/login/register) and register for a key.
2. Wait for an email confirmation with your Key

You can run a KubeMQ broker with Docker:

```bash
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 -p 50000:50000 -p 9090:9090 -e KUBEMQ_TOKEN=<your-key> kubemq/kubemq
```
You can then interact with the server using the client port: `localhost:50000`

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}
1. Obtain KubeMQ Key by visiting [https://account.kubemq.io/login/register](https://account.kubemq.io/login/register) and register for a key.
2. Wait for an email confirmation with your Key

Then Run the following kubectl commands:

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://deploy.kubemq.io/init
```

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://deploy.kubemq.io/key/<your-key>
```
{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

## Install KubeMQ CLI
Go to [KubeMQ CLI](https://github.com/kubemq-io/kubemqctl/releases) and download the latest version of the CLI.

## Browse KubeMQ Dashboard

{{< tabs "Self-Hosted" "Kubernetes">}}

{{% codetab %}}

> Open a browser and navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:9090)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- IGNORE_LINKS -->
Open a browser and navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:9090)
<!-- END_IGNORE -->
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}
With KubeMQCTL installed, run the following command:

```bash
kubemqctl get dashboard
```
Or, with kubectl installed, run port-forward command:

```bash
kubectl port-forward svc/kubemq-cluster-api -n kubemq 8080:8080
```
{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}
```

## KubeMQ Documentation

> Please visit [KubeMQ Documentation](https://docs.kubemq.io/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [KubeMQ Documentation](https://docs.kubemq.io/) for more information.
```

Author: Changed
